Yo, isn't this Mr. Ye?
Hahaha, what a coincidence.
I can accompany you here.
By the way, I have to thank you.
Hahahaha hey
The ancients never bullied
It's really a narrow road for enemies
It's not easy, let's go first
Why is Mr. Ye in a hurry to leave?
Thanks to you.
Our family just entered the military Nanhai Navigation Real Estate
Just a college
Thank you very much.
So happy to kill yourself
This Wang family is really shameless
Except for you guys picking up saints after others
Will it still be?
How can this be said to be
Simply the remaining Nanhai Island real estate market
Our family joins
It's just the roots of Shandong
Hahaha
Ye Fan sees that you have planted so much in our family
For the sake of money
What a man
Don't be too arrogant
How do you say
The camel that died was bigger than the horse. Some people
Can't get drunk
Hahaha